The Dies [ηε. 45

Α long list might be framed of the great who
have avowed for it a supreme admiration, ex-
celling that yielded to any other composition of
its kind. And such a roll would contain the
names of men of different countries as of dif-
ferent creeds; of soldiers, statesmen and poets;
of historians, Churchmen, and composers, upon
whose lips it has hovered, and in whose works
it has been engraved. Nlozart, Haydn, Goethe,
Schlegel, Johnson, Dryden, Scott, Milman, and
Jeremy Taylor would be among these names.

This lyric, which is the greatest of hymns,
nevertheless is cast in the simplest of forms.
Beginning with an exclamation from the Scrip-
tures, it continues through its few stanzas the
address of a fingle actor upon a single subject.
Its measure could not be more artless, nor its
stanzas more slmple. The august language in
which it is clothed, it has bent into the form of
rhyme, and this rhyme is of a kind which is
said to be wanting in dignity, and better adapt-
ed to comic than to elevated verse. Yet it
commands the homage of the Englishman, the

German, the Italian, and the modern Greek;

